NARRATOR:
Previously on Reasonable Doubt...
- I'm Will. The nightly patrol you hired.
- Wait, why can't you just move back in?
- Yeah, so you can keep us safe.
- I'll be back eventually.
But since I can't be here, we have Will.
- Jax, I know
you and Lewis have your issues,
but you should really think
about making it work.
JAX: She up here
stayin' with her cheating-ass husband
and wanna give me relationship advice.
You gave me an ultimatum!
- I had to. You don't listen to me
unless I threaten you.
- Don't forget
it's Paul's birthday this weekend.
- Actually, I did forget.
MAMA LU: [over phone]
Your stepfather and I
expect to see you at this house.
- Well, there's a guy who wants
to meet with us, Brayden Miller.
And you can call me Rich.
- Funny my friends call me the same thing.
There's an issue with
a former employee of mine, Kaleesha Moore.
She's claiming I sexually assaulted her.
- Jax does civil and criminal defense.
- Then why are you here?
- The last time I checked,
sexual assault was a crime, so--
- There is a Damon Cooke
who wants to speak to you.
He is up for parole.
Was he your client or something?
JAX:
A long time ago.
If you do this, you will be saying
that you murdered that man.
You'll be saying you're a criminal.
- I thought you liked criminals.
What if I was never convicted? Then what?
RICH: [over phone]
Kaleesha's dead.
JAX:
Fuck!
♪
REPORTER:
The body of Kaleesha Moore,
a former employee of Clout,
has been found dead in her home
on the 1300 block of Aqua Vista
in Studio City.
A preliminary forensics report
concludes her time of death as last night,
but she was discovered
by a relative this morning.
Officials say although
there was no sign of a break-in,
they are investigating this as a homicide.
♪
- Yep.
[woman weeping]
- I'm so sorry for your loss.
Are you related to the deceased?
- I'm her husband. Ryan Moore.
- Is it alright
if we ask you a few questions?
- [voice breaking] Who would do this?
- We don't know yet, sir,
but we're going to find out.
- Is this your shared residence?
- No. We were separated.
But we had decided to get back together.
She was gonna move back in next week.
- Sir, would it be alright
if we talked in private?
♪
DETECTIVE MCKINNON:
Can we?
You were the one who found her.
- Yes, I am...
[clears throat]
...was her cousin, Fallon.
We were meeting up
to prep for her
Good Morning America interview.
I--
But... she was gone.
♪
- Do you have any idea
who would want to harm Kaleesha?
♪
♪ theme music playing ♪
♪ From La Brea to Slauson
It’s all us ♪
♪ The Sun, Central Ave Jazz ♪
♪ It’s all us
♪ Where we at? ♪
♪ Hit the Maverick Flats ♪
♪ Leimert and right back ♪
♪ To the ark
It’s all us ♪
♪
♪ We coastin' on the west
Between sets and wealth ♪
♪ We toast the sunset in the dons ♪
♪ Take flight into the night
Under Cali stars ♪
♪ In a world on wheels
It’s all us ♪
♪
♪ It's the world we feel
It's all us ♪
♪ From the hills to Hollywood
♪
♪ No doubt
We all we got ♪
♪ Hold it down
Black and brown ♪
♪ In a city of dreams
It's all us ♪
♪
RICH: [over phone]
Mr. Miller, are you still there?
- Uh, yes, yes, I'm still here.
Are you sure it was Kaleesha?
RICH:
She was identified by family.
♪
- I can't believe it. I just--
- Just what?
- I-I-I just can't believe it.
- I know this is upsetting, Mr. Miller,
but I have to warn you
that the police will likely question you
because you were her boss.
And it won't take long
for them to figure out
your other relationship with Kaleesha.
- What? They gonna try to pin this on me?
I didn't do this.
RICH:
No one is saying you did.
I just need for you to hear me when I say
that if and when the police question you,
do not say anything.
Jax and I are on the way.
- Jax?
RICH:
Yes. And you can thank me later.
♪
- ...help me.
[sighs]
WILL:
Morning, Queen.
- Will.
- Uh-- Uh--
Hey.
WILL: Hey.
Do you have any oregano?
JAX:
Oregano?
Like the spice?
WILL: Huh.
Yeah, the least I could do is
make you a little breakfast
after that amazing night.
- No, I really appreciate
that gesture, Will, but it--
- No, I-I get it.
You don't eat bacon.
It's all good.
Still getting to know you.
- [laughs] Yes. Yes.
You know what, Will?
I really need to get going, so--
- Right now?
- Yes, now.
- Alright. Uh--
JAX:
Well, I'm sure you have to be
somewhere as well, so--
WILL: Uh--
JAX:
Take care.
- Call me?
- Alright. Buh-bye.
[sighs]
THEO:
Detectives, anything to drink?
- Uh, we're good.
We just have
a couple of questions for Mr. Miller
and then we'll be on our way.
- I think we should speak in private.
- Well, anything you need to say to me,
you can say to Theo.
He's my right hand.
- No, it's all good.
I'll be in my office.
- I'm not talking without my counsel.
- Oh, this isn't an interrogation,
Mr. Miller.
We're simply asking for your help.
Because if there's anyone that can help us
get to the bottom of this,
it's the fearless leader
of this very, very successful company.
- Just a few simple questions
that will send us down the right track.
- Sure.
- Thank you.
[Charles clears throat]
Kaleesha Moore was your employee?
- Yes, EVP of Sales and Branding.
- And how well do you know Miss Moore?
- I know she was detailed, organized.
Bright ideas with a brilliant future.
- I'm sure that's what you would have said
in her recommendation letter,
but that's not actually what I meant.
Um--
How often did the two of you
interact within the office?
- Um, fairly often.
Like I said,
she was a high-level employee.
- And what about outside the office?
- Well, I see
we've gotten started already.
- Miss Stewart, good timing.
You know, we were just getting
the preliminary questions out of the way.
- Preliminary questions, huh?
- Yeah, name, date of birth.
- All Google-able, got it.
DETECTIVE CHARLES: Mm-hmm.
- And just so I have all the facts,
did Mr. Miller tell you
he was waiting for counsel
before you started asking
these preliminary questions?
- Yes, I did.
JAX: Oh.
So you missed your cue
to stop talking, then.
♪
I can walk you both out.
- Sorry I'm late. What did they say?
- Well, I'm more concerned
about what they didn't say.
They seem to have concocted a story
and Brayden's at the center of it.
- I'm sure they've been
following the story in the press
and know that Kaleesha
was about to talk on GMA.
Maybe they were
shoring up Brayden's alibi?
- Maybe. But you should
call the DA's office,
see what they're up to.
- Or you could call Mike.
Didn't you two date
when we were in law school?
- We did not date.
And I already did you a solid coming here.
I reserve my contacts for my clients.
Not this entitled asshole.
- Since when has a client
being an asshole mattered to you?
- Thank you for coming.
So, where do we go from here?
[scoffs]
- Going forward, you can direct
all legal matters to Rich,
as he is your attorney of choice.
Have a good day, gentlemen.
[knock on door]
LEWIS: Hey, hey, Mama Lu.
- Hey.
- Thank you for taking
the kids to school for me today.
- Of course.
Oh. Well, you need a cleaning lady
because you know I got one for you--
- No, no, no, no.
It's, uh, I've just been busy.
And speaking of, I gotta get going.
I gotta pick Terrence up from the airport.
- How is your brother
and his partner Jason?
- Uh, yeah, Jason,
doing well as far as I can tell.
- Good. Good.
How are you and Jacqueline?
- Uh, fine.
You know, working it out.
Kids! Let's go. You're gonna be late.
SPENSER:
Oh, hey, Mom Mom.
- Oh, hi, baby.
Mm.
- Hi, Mama Lu.
- Hi, angel.
- See you after school.
- You got it.
Have an amazing day.
NAIMA: Thanks.
- You're welcome.
MAMA LU:
Look, you don't have to listen to me,
but just hear this.
Fix your marriage before it's unfixable.
The longer you wait,
the more time the two of you
will find yourselves in trouble
you can't undo.
KRYSTAL: Good morning, boss.
- Morning, Krystal.
You got any, uh, Nicorette?
KRYSTAL:
Ooh. Okay.
You know I got you.
Anything is better
than them nasty-ass cigarettes.
- Really?
Hmm. You can get rid of this folder.
I'm not taking
Brayden Miller on as a client.
- Ooh, thank you, Heavenly Father,
and Jacqueline Stewart.
- Um, I did not do it for you.
- Uh, well,
whomever you did it for, I'm grateful
'cause his face was all over
the local news this morning
after they found Kaleesha.
- Yes. And Kaleesha Moore's face
should be on the news, not his.
- Well, he's the one who killed her.
- And you know he killed her how?
- Look, she was gonna take him down,
so he got rid of her ass.
You don't think he did it?
- I'll decide once I see legal evidence,
not speculation.
- Oh, Lord.
You're gonna bring him on, aren't you?
- Get rid of that folder, Krystal.
LEWIS:
Boo!
[chuckles]
- Hey, I'm gonna take that as a compliment
from your hatin' ass.
- Is that the only song you know?
- What can I say?
It's everybody's favorite,
and it's the last song in my set,
and Jax will appreciate that.
- I... I, uh, I don't know
if Jax is gonna make it
to your show this weekend.
- What? Why not?
Just work stuff.
Come on. I mean, it's cool, right?
We'll have some bro time.
- Actually, Jason is flying in
for the show,
so I'm sure you would rather
it be a double date
than a third wheel situation.
I'm happy to call your sugar mama myself
and convince her.
Yo, come on, you know
it'll be more fun with her there.
No offense.
- Fine.
- Yes!
- Fine, fine, fine. Alright.
- Yes, yes!
- Alright, we'll be there.
- Great. Okay. I gotta get back.
You won't regret it.
Don't ever boo me again.
- More than one song, please.
TERRENCE:
Okay. Okay. I'll see you soon.
MIGUEL:
Brayden Miller?
Yeah, I heard about that case,
but the police are still investigating it,
so why are you bringing it up to me?
- Hmm. I don't know.
Maybe because
a high-profile almost billionaire
is being implicated
for the murder of his former employee,
and I know the DA
who has political ambitions
would not be able to look the other way.
- It may have caught my eye.
[chuckles]
- Well, did it also catch your eye
that the police are throwing
their entire investigation
towards the narrowed hunch
that Brayden could be a possible suspect?
- He's her former employer.
You know how this works.
Anyone she knew closely or intimately
will be questioned.
- Okay, but who else
are they questioning?
Kaleesha had an ex-husband.
Why is he not on the suspect list?
- According to my limited knowledge,
he was questioned
and he was at a work event in Pomona
surrounded by 60 other people
who can vouch for him.
We also have social media pictures
from his page to confirm it.
- Wait, I thought Rich was on this.
- He is.
MIGUEL:
Then, what are you doing here?
- I'm being a team player.
- You only play
when you think you can win.
And this isn't a winning case, Jax.
- You know, I really hope
your investigation
is more thorough than swift.
I'd really hate to see you chase
after Eric Garcetti
only to end up like Gil.
- Ouch.
[knock on door]
MAN:
Mr. Ortiz, they're ready for you.
[sighs]
[cell phone buzzing]
- Use the office.
- Alright, thanks.
Daniel, hey.
DANIEL: [over phone] Yo, Jax.
So the cops found a valet receipt
in Kaleesha's house
from a restaurant
that Brayden and his wife ate at
for their anniversary dinner that night.
- Meaning Brayden
was at Kaleesha's house
the night of the murder.
- Precisely.
- So they have all the proof they need.
♪
[knock on door]
- What the fuck do you want?
- I miss you, babe.
♪
- They found Brayden's valet receipt
from that night
inside Kaleesha's house.
Did you know he was there
the night of the murder?
- He did tell me he was going
to take care of it himself.
- Take care of it? What, like kill her?
- He said he could get her
to sign the NDA.
- How?
RICH:
Not sure.
But it was odd.
He said he knew what Kaleesha needed
and was going to give it to her
whether she liked it or not.
- So did she... sign the NDA?
- She did.
He sent me a copy today.
I should have spoken up that day.
Stopped him somehow.
- Actually, no. No.
That's good.
- Excuse me?
JAX:
If she signed the NDA,
then that means he got what he wanted.
He no longer had motive to kill her.
- And that's why
you should be on this case.
- Oh.
- Most people would have heard that
and jumped right on the guilty bandwagon.
But you saw right through it.
- Nice try, but no.
You're doing a great job, Rich.
- So good you put your investigator on it?
I'm guessing that's how you knew
about the valet receipt.
[clears throat]
- Daniel did look into
what the police know, yes.
But that was just because
I wanted to prove my hunch, which it did.
Look-- [scoffs]
I have no interest in being on this case,
and Brayden does not want me on it either.
- He does now.
- Well, yeah, because he needs
a token Black female attorney.
- No, because he needs
a criminal defense attorney,
which I'm not.
I'm also not going to discuss
Black issues with you.
I'm just going to say,
you're the best person for the job.
[chuckles]
- You know I don't have to
take on any case I don't wanna take on.
- Which is why I'm asking
that you please want to take on this case.
[scoffs]
You know you want to.
- I'll think about it.
- That's not a no.
- It's not a yes.
♪ I am a diamond cluster hustler ♪
♪ Queen bitch, supreme bitch ♪
Okay, where did you hide the containers?
'Cause I know you didn't cook that.
I know you didn't.
- Oh, really?
You come in here and talkin' about this?
- Oh, leave it.
Wait a minute. Am I the first one here?
- Autumn is stuck at work
and I don't know where Shanelle is.
- Well, court adjourned early,
so I was able to make it here on time...
SALLY: Hmm.
- ...and stop and get some chicken wings.
What, what!
- Okay, okay. Look at you
coming early and with food in hand.
Uh-huh. I know you're not putting
grocery store chicken on my good plates.
- Girl, stop frontin' like these are not
the best chicken wings in all of LA.
Stop it.
- Guess you're right.
- Okay.
- So, what's the latest with y'all?
And did you finally get some sleep?
- I got something.
- Hmm.
Oh.
You got that donkey dick?
- Sally, stop!
- You got that donkey dick, didn't you?
- Oh, my God.
- Was it Lewis?
Whatever.
Good for you.
- Thank you, girl.
- Now, I mean,
I know you and Lewis are separated,
but are you gonna tell him?
- I mean, that was a one-time thing.
I ain't gonna never see that nigga again.
- I feel you.
Now, where are these bitches at?
Call Shanelle.
[laughter]
- I'm telling you, she's a mancha!
WOMAN: Yes.
- Wait, what is a mancha?
- You don't remember Shanelle and I
used to call our Auntie Tina that
because her limbs
were too short for her body?
She used to put her hands
on her hips like this.
- To try to hide her little baby arms!
[cell phone chimes]
JAX: I cannot.
I can't with y'all. I swear.
- Uh-oh. What happened?
- Girl-- [sighs]
My firm wants me to take on this client,
and I don't want to.
- Well, why not?
- Okay, so first,
he didn't want me on the case, right?
Now he does.
And without violating
attorney-client privilege,
I'm just gonna say the situation is messy.
- So then why not take this client on
if it's not about how you feel about him?
- First, she accused him
of sexual assault,
now the woman is dead.
- That does sound messy.
- Do you know if he raped her?
- I don't know.
- Well, maybe that's why
you don't wanna take the case.
Maybe you don't wanna be on his side.
- I don't do my job
based on my feelings, Shanelle.
- I know, girl.
I'm just... trying to help.
That's all.
- Well, youse a bad bitch,
and you can do whatever you want.
- Okay.
- It's called Binder, Hurwitz
and motherfuckin' Stewart.
So you ain't got
to explain shit to nobody.
- Hmm. Cheers to that.
- Cheers.
- Oh, you know who else is a mancha?
- Stop.
- We're not going down that road again.
AUTUMN: We're not gonna do it.
SHANELLE: We're goin' straight to hell.
[cell phone buzzing]
BRAYDEN: [over phone]
Mrs. Stewart.
- Mr. Miller.
How can I help you?
- I'm not gonna beg, so tell me,
how much to retain your services?
- This is not about money.
BRAYDEN:
I did my homework on you.
I know you used to be a public defender,
and now you work at a private firm.
So, like I told you once before,
everything is about money.
- Except for when it comes
to picking a lawyer, right?
What made me so unappealing last time?
Was it my melanin or my genitals?
- It's not about
who I have an affinity for.
It's about who I felt could get done
what I wanted to get done.
And that was Rich.
- And now that a Black woman is dead,
someone like me
is who you need to get the job done.
- How much, Mrs. Stewart?
- And like I said,
this is not about money.
Take care, Mr. Miller.
♪
Hey, hey, hey. Wait. What is happening?
- Spenser left his Bible.
- Ugh.
- Well, hurry up, Spenser.
We're gonna be late.
Alright, let me see, baby.
- Where's Mr. Will?
- Yeah, Daddy. What happened to Mr. Will?
- Uh, Mr. Will wasn't a good fit.
- Oh. It seemed good to me.
SPENSER:
Got it.
- Alright, let's go. Let's go.
Please, please, please.
- I hope that loud lady's
not sitting in front of us today.
Remember last time?
- Yes.
PASTOR THURSTON: Sister Jacqueline.
- Oh.
Hey, pastor.
PASTOR THURSTON: Hey.
I'd like to introduce you to someone.
This is Fallon Stephens, a fellow member.
Now, her family has
just been struck with tragedy
and they are in need of assistance.
DA's office has been
given 'em the runaround,
and I thought you could help.
- I don't think she can help us,
Pastor Thurston.
She's his lawyer.
- He's at my firm, not my client.
- Either way.
- He's also not a suspect.
- Not yet.
- Well, since Mr. Miller is at my firm,
I am more than happy to give you
a recommendation for a victim's advocate.
Between the tragedy and the legalese,
you'll need a strong liaison
who can handle the DA's office,
and the media,
because it can be a lot.
You know, here, let me give you my card.
You just text me your number
and I will connect you two.
Excuse me.
[applause]
[man whoops]
- Turn around and shake somebody's hand.
You tell 'em that God is good!
CONGREGATION:
God is good!
PASTOR THURSTON:
Amen. Yes, he is!
Yes, he is!
Today is a blessing, family!
Yes, Lord.
Amen. Amen.
[applause]
Now, while the deacons
pass around the offering plates,
I'm gonna ask everybody to open up
to Romans Chapter 12.
Now, we open this morning
with a personal sacrifice for others.
[high-pitched ringing]
LEWIS: [echoing]
Jax?
[ringing stops]
Jax, hey, um,
are you busy tonight?
- Uh, no, just working
on some briefs. Why?
- Well, Terrence has a show
and Jason is coming to town for it.
They'd really like to see you.
- Oh!
Yeah, it'd be good to see them.
- Oh, so, you wanna go?
- I could use a night out.
Terrence is always a good time.
- Okay, great.
Wow.
- You seem shocked I'm saying yes.
- Yeah, a little, you know,
just, uh, and happy.
Okay, cool. So we can
drop the kids off at Lu and Paul's
before heading out.
- Um, well, why don't we just have
my mom come to your place and watch 'em?
- Okay. Cool.
I'll pick you up at 8:00?
- Uh, well, it might be
a little tight with work,
but I'll just Uber to your place,
you drop me off after?
♪
Bye, babies.
Oh, come on, Spenser. Really?
SPENSER:
Are you hungry?
- Yeah. Uh, Soul Food Kitchen's open.
- Hi. What-what-what are you doing here?
- Were you at my church today?
- First AME?
I didn't know that you--
- Look, you can pop up
all you like, Damon,
but I'm not changing my mind.
- About what?
- About not speaking to you again
if you confess to a crime
that you didn't commit.
That's what you did, right?
- Yeah.
I don't want to, uh, state the obvious,
but, uh, your church
is across the street from here, so--
- Look, whatever, Damon.
Just stay away from me, okay?
- You're at my house.
♪
Anyone ever told you that your eyes,
they tell everything that you're thinking?
♪
It's nice to see you, too.
- Ma'am, are you on the visitor's list?
- Uh, no. No, I just stopped by.
- Do we need to go over
the house rules again, Mr. Cooke?
- No, no. This is my fault.
I didn't know that he needed to have--
- Brent.
I'll handle it.
You don't want me to come to your church?
I'll find a new one.
- I'm sorry.
- It's all good.
Next time you wanna visit...
call first.
♪
I gotta follow the rules.
- Y'all are not gonna be
in these devices all night.
Make sure you get that homework done
and get to bed by nine o'clock.
And no sweets.
- Like you'll even know.
- What'd you say?
- Dad says we can have cake before bed.
His house. His rules.
- You know what, Spenser?
I'm getting tired of your mouth.
- And the parent
that says no wins, Spense.
[knock on door]
- ♪ Mama's got brownies ♪
JAX: Mom!
- Ooh.
Look at y'all.
Looking like Peaches & Herb out here.
Ooh, well, did you do something
different with your hair?
- No, Mom, it's exactly
the same as last week.
- Oh, I guess I'm just used to
seeing you looking so tired.
You work too--
- Oh! We-- We should get going.
We should go.
- Oh, Lord, please, yes.
- Okay. Have fun.
Paul's got a boys' night out
so you guys can stay out
as late as you like.
- Uh, yeah.
- Oh, look what Mama has got here.
♪ hip-hop music playing ♪
- Why do you need a punching bag
when you got a brother like this?
- Exactly.
[indistinct conversation]
- I was kinda sensitive.
- And now I know
that is where Spenser got it from.
- Hey.
- I'm sure--
I'm telling you, Terrence,
that is exactly
what Spenser said to me, right?
- She's right.
- Yo, this little nigga is trippin'.
- Finally, I feel seen!
- I see you.
- Thank you!
- I wish we had a fun couple
to hang out with in Philly.
- We had one we liked, but they broke up.
Didn't survive the pandemic.
- Hmm.
- I'm glad y'all are good.
I don't think we could take it.
♪
- We couldn't take it either.
- Wanna do a TikTok with me?
- I'm busy.
- Why did you close your computer?
- 'Cause I was done with it.
- Ooh, you're looking at nasty things.
- What? Naima.
My God, this is why
I hate sharing a room with you.
I can't wait till this shit is over.
- Spenser, do you think
Mom and Dad are getting a divorce?
- They just went on a date, so... no.
- I heard them fighting the other night
and it sounded bad.
- Really?
I didn't hear that.
- Who do you think you'd live with?
- This is a dumb conversation.
You know, Naima,
Dad would never let that happen.
- But what about what Mommy wants?
- Well, you know what I want?
Is for you to leave me alone.
[door opens]
SPENSER:
[sighs] God.
[audience cheering and whooping]
- Thank you. Thank you.
And now, I would like
to dedicate my final selection
to my big brother and sister-in-love.
They are the model for me
and my husband Jason.
And I don't think we tell them enough.
♪
♪ drumstick beating ♪
♪ It's just gettin' soft and brown ♪
♪ I get lost, don't wanna be found ♪
♪ I need you ♪
♪ vocalizing ♪
♪ Let's take a trip around the world ♪
♪ I can give you everything you deserve ♪
♪ Believe me ♪
♪
♪ Like tonight Imma give you this lovin' ♪
♪ We can ride
to the edge of the ocean, baby ♪
♪ Yeah-yeah-yeah ♪
- I'll meet you at the car.
♪ Tell your friends
that you might not make it ♪
♪ 'Cause we got a chance
that's worth takin' maybe ♪
♪ Oh, baby ♪
♪ Maybe we can make love tonight ♪
♪ Under the stars ♪
♪ No one has to know but you and I ♪
♪ Maybe we should not give a damn ♪
♪ And follow our hearts ♪
♪ No one has to know we crossed the line ♪
♪ Yeah ♪
♪ Give me your love ♪
♪ Give me your lo-o-ove ♪
♪ That's all I want... ♪
- He don't know no other songs?
- I asked this nigga the same question,
but he said you love this song.
- I mean, I do, but damn.
He act like this
Ribbon in the Sky or something.
Even Stevie got other hits. Come on now.
- Ribbon in the Sky, I can't.
- You got me out here smiling and shit,
now he's never gonna
stop singing it. Damn.
I am telling you,
we're not going to his next show.
I feel like Sunshine Anderson.
I Heard-- I Heard It All Before.
- ♪ ...over and over and again and again ♪
♪ Maybe we... ♪
- You better sing, boy.
- Yes!
- Yes.
LEWIS:
He said he'd be writing, babe.
He might just be writing
the same song over and over again.
Say what?
- That's what I think.
You know you don't have to
walk me to the door.
- Oh, come on, now.
Um--
Thank you for coming.
- I had fun.
- And thanks for, you know,
not saying anything to Terrence.
I just-- I don't want him in my business.
- Oh, I get it. Trust me.
Hmm.
- Uh, you know, it's, uh--
It's a little weird
dropping my wife off at our house.
- Yeah, I haven't gotten
used to it either.
♪ Superheroes by Esthero playing ♪
♪
- Then don't.
♪ Stay awhile longer, sweet tongue ♪
[moans]
JAX:
Oh, I miss you.
♪
♪ If I weren't so old and used ♪
Is that what you want?
LEWIS: Mm-hmm.
JAX:
Yeah?
♪
Is that what you want?
♪ I try not to ruin the moment ♪
[moans]
Oh, baby, yes, right there.
♪
[gasps, winces]
♪ You're delicious ♪
♪
♪ Send me on a quest for lullabies ♪
♪ And more ♪
♪ What would it take for you to see ♪
♪ What I have got? ♪
♪ I've got more than you know ♪
♪ Open your eyes ♪
♪ I cannot be ♪
LEWIS:
Hey, turn around.
JAX:
Mm. What?
♪ I cannot be what I am not ♪
- Turn around.
- What?
♪ I'm not what I used to be,
I'm not what, I'm not what I used to be ♪
What are you doing?
- I'm giving you what you want.
- Oh, you think this is what I want?
- Apparently.
You started this game.
- Well, you know what?
I don't wanna play anymore.
- Oh, you just wanna play with him?
- You know this was
never about Will, right?
You wanted a show,
so I gave you a fucking show
since you want to keep
a controlling eye on me all the time.
- Stop acting like this is the first time
I've ever watched you like that.
- That was a long time ago, Lewis, please.
Things are different. We are different.
- Whatever. Fuck all of that.
I just want my wife back.
- Yeah, I know. On your terms, right?
- And you want me on your terms, Jax.
- This is why I told your ass
we need to go to couples' therapy.
- Or we could just talk to each other.
- Oh, please.
- But, nah, nah.
You wanna hire somebody else
and pay them all that bread
to tell me some shit I already know.
- That's right, Lewis.
'Cause you got all the answers, right?
'Cause you just a smarty-arty
know-it-all-ass nigga, right?
God damn it, Lewis!
- Jax! Ja-- Jax. Jax.
[sighs]
Jax.
Can we just start over?
- It's getting late.
You need to get back to the kids.
- Anything to get rid of me, huh?
- You're the one who left.
- Uh--
[door slams]
[Lewis sighs]
- Uh, what are you doing here?
I told you all to stay out late.
- Nah, we had a good time...
until we didn't.
- Did-- Did y'all get in a fight?
- I don't wanna talk about it.
Thanks again, though.
♪
[doorbell dings]
- What's wrong? Are the kids all right?
- Oh, yes, everyone's fine.
I just came by because I wanted to see
what's going on with you.
Lewis and I have been talking,
and we're worried about you.
He's trying hard to make things work.
- And I haven't been?
- Well, it doesn't seem like it.
You have a good man who loves you.
So whatever he did or didn't do
certainly can be forgiven, right?
- You know what, Mom?
Why is it that every time
you bring up my marriage,
it seems like you're
a representative of Lewis?
I mean, have you ever stopped to consider
that maybe I'm having a hard time too?
Or are you just so used to defending a man
that it never even crossed your mind?
MAMA LU:
Wow.
I just told you that I came here
because I was worried about you.
Sometimes you act like
I'm not a good mother.
- Mom, you know I don't think that.
- You are my only child,
and I only want what's best for you.
- I know, Mom.
I'm sorry.
It's late, so--
- Yeah.
Well, any time that you
need for me to watch the kids,
just let me know, okay?
- I will.
- Okay. Goodnight.
♪
- Good night.
Hey. I'm headed to court
for the Rydell case.
Any word from Mike or the detectives
on the Kaleesha Moore investigation?
- Are you asking
as my colleague or co-counsel?
- I'm asking as a curious citizen.
- Well, there's no case.
The police are still investigating,
so there's nothing to do.
They did tell Brayden to let them know
if he plans
on leaving the country or state.
- Oh, that's not a good sign.
- You think he'll be charged?
- I haven't thought about it.
- Jax.
- What? I haven't.
But since you're asking.
Yes, I think he might be.
But I think it's a mistake.
- Why?
- You know, I think the police,
the DA's office,
everyone has been
rushing to judgment here.
It's terrible for Brayden,
but it's kind of exciting
as a criminal defense attorney.
RICH:
Wow.
You're sick.
JAX:
But also, I'm not sure I trust Brayden.
I think there's more to this
Kaleesha story he's not telling us.
You know, it's one thing to be a murderer,
but it's another to be a liar.
- What if he's both?
- One's a crime we took an oath to defend.
The other is just gross.
Her name is Emily Endris.
- Emily? Hmm.
She clearly isn't Black.
- She is not.
But she's an amazing
victim's advocate and a true ally.
We worked together
at the Public Defender's Office.
She says she's happy to help you
and she will reach out
to you sometime today.
- Well, I can't see you
being a public defender.
- Once a PD, always a PD.
- I guess so.
- Look, I wish there was more
I could do, Fallon, but--
- Oh, you've done more than enough.
Thank you. I'm extremely grateful.
- You are more than welcome.
FALLON:
I know your firm is helping him,
but it's good to see
that you're on the right side of things.
I am so sick of Black women
protecting Black men who don't deserve it.
- I couldn't agree with you more.
♪
Why don't you, um...
let me know how it goes?
♪
[door bells jingle]
- Hey.
- Hello.
- Thanks for texting me.
- Thanks for meeting me.
I had a break from court, so I figured--
- No doubt. No doubt.
Uh--
Get whatever you want. It's on me.
Uh, black coffee with milk.
BARISTA:
What kinda milk?
- Um, milk milk.
- We have almond, hemp, coconut.
- Forget it. Just make it black.
- What roast?
- What's that mean?
- We have dark, medium roast,
cold brew, a flat white.
- He will have an Americano with almond
milk and I will have a green tea.
- Why I gotta fill out a questionnaire
to get a coffee?
- It's definitely overkill.
She knew what you meant.
- When was the last time
you went to the beach?
Mind if we just,
just sit for a little bit?
- [scoffs] No, no, no.
No. Do you see this outfit?
- I do, that's why I brought a blanket.
Look, I, um--
I know you said
you wouldn't forgive me for what I did.
- I shouldn't have said that and--
- Just hear me out, though, okay?
So the night that I decided
to admit to the crime,
I was reading this book,
and the author, whatever, like,
he was writing about this sand
that was running through
this woman's hands.
And I started to have,
like, a panic attack
because I just realized
that I can't remember
the last time I been to the beach.
Shit. I-I-I can't even swim.
So I'm sitting in this jail cell
and I realize I could die
and never get a chance to see this place
that, that's less than ten miles away.
What kind-- What kind of shit is that?
I mean--
Anyway, I just--
I want you to know that
that's one of the reasons
why I confessed to the crime.
I could stay in jail
and dream of this life that I could have
or I could... I could actually live it.
[sighs]
- It's just... Damon, losing your case
devastated me.
It's what made me quit
the Public Defender's Office.
I would come to work
with all this passion,
and I would just set myself up
to be crushed,
knowing that no one else was fighting
to keep people like you outta prison.
I didn't want you to have
to compromise your dignity
to get a second chance at life.
You deserved more than that.
- Thank you.
I can't tell you
how much it means to me
to hear you say that.
You know, I-I'd hate for you
to take this shit personally
after how hard you fought for me.
I ain't never had nobody fight for me
the way that you did.
JAX:
Thank you.
But that was, that was my job.
- No, no, it wasn't your job.
See, that's-that's you.
The law was never made for us.
It's actually designed for us to lose.
But you...
you're built to win, Jax.
So I don't hate the player.
I say fuck the game.
Yeah.
Always been a sucker for...
[Jax laughs]
...a good sports reference.
- Yeah. I appreciate that.
[Jax laughs]
- I'm, uh, I'm glad you're happy now.
- Yeah.
Me too.
You know what?
I should probably get going.
- No doubt.
[Jax grunts]
- Thank you.
- I'm just gonna
hang here for a little bit
before I go back to the auto shop.
- You know what? You--
You should really learn how to swim.
It's a lot of fun.
- Imma add that to my list.
Any other suggestions?
- I'll think about it.
- Promise?
JAX: Promise.
To add it to the list of things
for me to think about.
♪
[line rings]
[buzzing]
- Hello?
Did you rape Kaleesha?
- What?
JAX: You heard me.
- No, I did not rape Kaleesha.
- Are you sure about that?
- We had sex that night
before she signed the NDA,
and it was very much consensual.
Now, why would she have sex with me
if I had raped her?
- It's actually more common than you think
for survivors to be intimate
with their aggressors
after a sexual assault incident.
- Really?
JAX: Yes, really.
So I will ask you again,
did you rape Kaleesha?
- What you want me to say?
- The truth.
- My truth?
No.
But apparently her truth is yes,
so honestly, I don't fuckin' know.
All I know is that she's dead,
and I'm sitting over here
looking guilty of a crime
I didn't even fuckin' commit.
You happy now?
- Fine. I'll take you on as a client.
- Seriously?
After all that?
What changed your mind?
- I reserve the right to change my mind.
It's just a lesson in consent, Mr. Miller.
♪
And whether you know it or not,
you need me.
♪
KRYSTAL: Hey.
- Hey.
- How was court?
I know you're happy
that Rydell case is over.
- I lost.
Psych. [giggles]
I won. Duh!
And, yes, I'm very happy.
Especially since we're gonna be
taking on a new client.
- Oh. Let me guess.
Brayden Miller.
- Look at you, anticipating my needs.
You know what? That is a good assistant.
Do you know how good you are, Krystal?
- Uh-huh.
JAX: Mm-hmm.
KRYSTAL: Uh-huh.
[Krystal laughs]
- Brayden's stoked
you're finally on the team.
- Oh, stoked?
- His version of it, anyway.
Oh, and we're all set
for Brayden's interview
with the police tonight.
- No, wait. What?
- Detective Charles
called to arrange a formal questioning.
At least he went about it
the right way this time, huh?
- No, Rich. Brayden should not
be talking to the police about anything.
- Well, I've already arranged it.
- Did you negotiate a discreet interview?
A private entrance
in the middle of the night?
Look, if the police know that he's coming,
then so do the press.
We are walking into a media storm.
[sighs] Okay, look, let's just
go pick him up from his house
and then we'll prep him
on the way to the station.
- He's not home. I was just there.
- Then where is he?
- I texted him to meet us there,
but he hasn't responded.
♪
- We have to find him.
Come on, let's go.
♪
Oh, Theo, right?
- Yeah. Jax, Rich.
- Have you seen Brayden?
THEO:
He didn't come in today.
Said he needed a day off.
Can't blame him.
[cell phone buzzing]
- Daniel, did you find Brayden?
DANIEL: [over phone]
I did. But he's clear across town.
I'll text you his location.
- How long before
we have to be at the station?
- An hour.
- You go there in case we're late.
I'll go talk to Brayden.
♪
- Detective Charles.
- Just calling to let you know
we might be a few minutes late.
- Mr. Miller wouldn't be
making a run for it, would he?
- Oh, wouldn't you love that?
- If he can't answer
a few simple questions,
then that would definitely tell us a lot.
- Well, it's a good thing
he's not making a run for it, then.
Look, we just need a small grace period.
We will be there shortly.
♪
Mr. Miller.
This partnership
is getting off to the wrong start.
You're supposed to be
at the police station.
It's not a good look to be late.
People might get the wrong idea.
- Seems like people have already
formed their opinions about me.
- Well, does it matter what people think?
It only matters what the law says.
- Do you think I killed her?
- That doesn't matter to me either.
[scoffs]
What are we doing here?
- This is where I come to think.
Never got into golf.
Always seemed so... expected.
Trite.
I don't like being predictable.
- Clearly. You're good.
- I'm alright.
But my little brother... he was a beast.
He had the skill and height for it.
Me, they called me Spud Webb
'cause I had the speed and the jump shot.
He's five years younger than me,
so I had to look after him
and he always wanted to come to the court.
He'd spend hours out there.
Until one day a stray bullet
hit him in the neck and took his life.
I held him in my arms
waiting for the ambulance,
but instead I ended up...
watching him die.
- I'm sorry. I didn't know that.
- I know it's, uh, cliché
for the successful Black man
to marry a white woman.
But Sarah was with me
when I only had a nickel to my name.
She's a great wife... great mother.
- But you were in love with Kaleesha.
- Yeah.
I was in love with her.
Have you ever experienced being completely
Intoxicated by someone?
Well, it fuckin' sucks.
Wish I hadn't gone over there that night.
I fell for her all over again.
JAX:
You listen to me.
I will fight for you,
but running is not the answer.
We have to go to the police station
and take back control of the narrative.
- I'm glad you changed your mind.
- I don't like to be predictable either.
REPORTER 1: Mr. Miller.
[reporters clamoring]
REPORTER 2:
Mr. Miller! Mr. Miller!
- Mr. Miller came here
to assist the police
out of care and concern
for his friend and employee.
But it's clear the police
have their own agenda,
which is to immediately make a suspect
out of this pillar of the community,
not because there's
any reason to suspect him,
but for reasons that have
nothing to do with the facts.
And I think we all know
what those reasons might be.
No need to state the obvious.
We've heard the same story
time and time again.
But our firm is committed to making sure
that Mr. Miller's story
has a very different outcome,
one that's based
on hard evidence and legal precedents,
because at the end of the day,
our legal system
is based on
the presumption of innocence, not guilt.
And that's the only thing that matters.
[overlapping chatter on TV]
FALLON:
This bitch.
♪ theme music playing ♪
♪
♪ ♪
- First she accuse him of sexual assault.
Now the woman is dead.
- Do you know if he raped her?
JAX: I don't know.
When I go to trial, I win.
- He's innocent!
CROWD: Yeah!
- Your husband is okay
with friends comin' over?
- He's not living here at the moment.
♪ ♪
It has been a long time
since I've had this much fun.
You don't know half the shit
I do for this family!
You're my mother.
You're supposed to keep me safe.
- How dare you blame me.
SHANELLE: I'm sorry that you've
had so much trauma in your life.
But I suggest you deal with it.
Before you lose everything
and everyone you love.
- Now I'm starting to think
maybe you killed her too.
- You say that shit to me again.
- You really good with Brayden
keeping secrets from you?
- You're making it harder
for me to do my job.
- Luckily for me, you're good at it.
JAX:
We have a case to win.
♪ ♪